update docs for operator-sdk run bundle with SQLite (#6054)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/olm-integration/tutorial-bundle.md

INFO[0040] OLM has successfully installed "memcached-operator.v0.0.1"
```

**Note:** If the bundle that is being installed has dependencies, the `--index-image` flag allows adding a bundle to a catalog that contains that bundle's dependencies.

> **Note:** If the version of `operator-sdk` you are using is < `v1.22.0` then the SQLite bundle format will be used by default rather than the new FBC bundle format. Due to this, you will need to specify the index image when runnning `operator-sdk run bundle` by adding `--index-image=quay.io/operator-framework/opm:v1.23.0`. This prevents any issues that may occur from using the default index image of `quay.io/operator-framework/opm:latest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Version `v1.22.0` and later of the `operator-sdk` use the new file-based catalog (FBC) bundle format by default. Earlier releases use the deprecated SQLite bundle format. If you use an earlier version of the Operator SDK, you must update to a newer version or specify the index image  by adding `--index-image=quay.io/operator-framework/opm:v1.23.0` flag. For more information about this known issue, see `xref-to-the-faq-article-above`.
```

WDYT?

Author: Should be updated in https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/6054/commits/6fbc6c692756378f08c347fcba649b506901324a
